There once was a man named Gary. Gary lived a pretty regular life. He works,
hangs out with friends and spends time with family regularly. He was a normal 
guy with a normal life. This all changed one day on his way to the grocery 
store.

Gary was driving down the same road he had driven down thousands of times
before, when suddenly a flash of light caught his eye. Curiously Gary diverted
from his grocery store path and drove down the side road where he saw the flash
come from. The light had come from an old flash light which was flickering on
and off on the side of the road, and beside the flash light was two very large
bags. Even more intrigued now, Gary got out of his car and approached the scene.
He reached the bags only to notice that one of the bag was opened, and as he
got closer he realized the bag was full of hunder dollar bills.

Gary didn't know what to do with the money. Should he take the money and use it for vacation? Or would that go against his very morals? Spending all that time pondering, he heard a rustle in the woods. Was that person coming back for the diamonds? What if he had a gun? After all, that was alot of cash just lying around suspiciously. Adrenaline was rushing through his veins, and Gary dived into a bush to hide, fearing for his life. However, that guy knew Gary. He knew he lived a normal, banal life and purposely left the money and flashlight there hoping that Gary would divert on his way from the grocery store. Hoping that Gary can finally break his everyday routine of a life...
	This incident awoken a new meaning to Gary's life, this man never approached him and told him of his plan to break Gary's normal life. The man got what he wanted though, Gary was never his same normal self again. Gary decided that day to live an exotic life. He started by going to the casino with his new found money and betting it all on roullete. He put all his money on his favority number 23, and it hit. Gary proudly walked out of the casino, and drove to grocery store and decided to buy the grocery store.
	He didn't just stop there, however. He wanted to go futher. He decided to found his own space program. The program took off. He made the old grocery store into the headquarters for his company and went on to do great things including being the first man on mars. That mysterious man was the catalyst Gary needed to transform form a normal guy to a truly influential person.
